README.md, before:


Android BluetoothChat Sample
===================================

This sample shows how to implement two-way text chat over Bluetooth between two Android devices, using
all the fundamental Bluetooth API capabilities.

Introduction
------------

This sample should be run on two Android devices at the same time, to establish a two-way chat over
Bluetooth between the devices. Select "Made discoverable" in overflow menu on one device and click
on the Bluetooth icon on the other one, to find the device and establish the connection.

The sample demonstrates the following, using the [Bluetooth API][1]:

1. [Setting up][2] Bluetooth
2. [Scanning][3] for other Bluetooth devices
3. [Querying][4] the local Bluetooth adapter for paired Bluetooth devices
4. [Establishing RFCOMM][5] channels/sockets
5. [Connecting][6] to a remote device
6. [Transfering][7] data over Bluetooth

[1]: http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/connectivity/bluetooth.html
[2]: http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/connectivity/bluetooth.html#Permissions
[3]: http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/connectivity/bluetooth.html#FindingDevices
[4]: http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/connectivity/bluetooth.html#QueryingPairedDevices
[5]: http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/connectivity/bluetooth.html#ConnectingDevices
[6]: http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/connectivity/bluetooth.html#ConnectingAsAClient
[7]: http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/connectivity/bluetooth.html#ManagingAConnection

Pre-requisites
--------------

- Android SDK 24
- Android Build Tools v24.0.1
- Android Support Repository

Screenshots
-------------

<img src="screenshots/1-launch.png" height="400" alt="Screenshot"/> <img src="screenshots/2-devices.png" height="400" alt="Screenshot"/> <img src="screenshots/3-chat.png" height="400" alt="Screenshot"/> 

Getting Started
---------------

This sample uses the Gradle build system. To build this project, use the
"gradlew build" command or use "Import Project" in Android Studio.

Support
-------

- Google+ Community: https://plus.google.com/communities/105153134372062985968
- Stack Overflow: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/android

If you've found an error in this sample, please file an issue:
https://github.com/googlesamples/android-BluetoothChat

Patches are encouraged, and may be submitted by forking this project and
submitting a pull request through GitHub. Please see CONTRIBUTING.md for more details.

License
-------

Copyright 2016 The Android Open Source Project, Inc.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor
license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with this work for
additional information regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this
file to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not
use this file except in compliance with the License.  You may obtain a copy of
the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.  See the
License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
the License.

Commit message:

Test on approach 1 Still waiting for actual BT testing (waiting for another android device to play with)

README.md, after:

#Bluetooth Computation Offloader
Chuta Sano

##WIP
Still trying to see how I would approach this...

- My first approach (testing is done) is to send pre-baked apk files through bluetooth.

| Approach | Pros | Cons |
| -------- | ---- | ---- |
| 1 | Super easy to implement | requires user installation, takes a bit of time|
| | |




This demo offloads static computations through bluetooth connected devices by sending a byte encoded APK file containing the computation through bluetooth. The receiving device would then run the computation to emulate a startActivityForResult call.


This is based off Google's Android Bluetooth Chat demo.
Plan to replace string messages to byte arrays and then implemented an encoding/decoding scheme from byte -> apk file


TODO: clean up 
	Dynamic computation using reflection?
      Testing on speed + usefulness

	  
	  

Android BluetoothChat Sample
===================================

This sample shows how to implement two-way text chat over Bluetooth between two Android devices, using
all the fundamental Bluetooth API capabilities.

Introduction
------------

This sample should be run on two Android devices at the same time, to establish a two-way chat over
Bluetooth between the devices. Select "Made discoverable" in overflow menu on one device and click
on the Bluetooth icon on the other one, to find the device and establish the connection.

The sample demonstrates the following, using the [Bluetooth API][1]:

1. [Setting up][2] Bluetooth
2. [Scanning][3] for other Bluetooth devices
3. [Querying][4] the local Bluetooth adapter for paired Bluetooth devices
4. [Establishing RFCOMM][5] channels/sockets
5. [Connecting][6] to a remote device
6. [Transfering][7] data over Bluetooth

[1]: http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/connectivity/bluetooth.html
[2]: http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/connectivity/bluetooth.html#Permissions
[3]: http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/connectivity/bluetooth.html#FindingDevices
[4]: http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/connectivity/bluetooth.html#QueryingPairedDevices
[5]: http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/connectivity/bluetooth.html#ConnectingDevices
[6]: http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/connectivity/bluetooth.html#ConnectingAsAClient
[7]: http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/connectivity/bluetooth.html#ManagingAConnection

Pre-requisites
--------------

- Android SDK 24
- Android Build Tools v24.0.1
- Android Support Repository

Screenshots
-------------

<img src="screenshots/1-launch.png" height="400" alt="Screenshot"/> <img src="screenshots/2-devices.png" height="400" alt="Screenshot"/> <img src="screenshots/3-chat.png" height="400" alt="Screenshot"/> 

Getting Started
---------------

This sample uses the Gradle build system. To build this project, use the
"gradlew build" command or use "Import Project" in Android Studio.

Support
-------

- Google+ Community: https://plus.google.com/communities/105153134372062985968
- Stack Overflow: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/android

If you've found an error in this sample, please file an issue:
https://github.com/googlesamples/android-BluetoothChat

Patches are encouraged, and may be submitted by forking this project and
submitting a pull request through GitHub. Please see CONTRIBUTING.md for more details.

License
-------

Copyright 2016 The Android Open Source Project, Inc.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor
license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with this work for
additional information regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this
file to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not
use this file except in compliance with the License.  You may obtain a copy of
the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.  See the
License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
the License.
